hi I'm Kathy from DBC good food and I'm
going to show you how to make the
ultimate Yorkshire puddings now as a
recipe or using the method is the same
I've started by weighing my flour in
four large bowl and making a well in the
middle now I'm going to add my eggs one
by one so now I'm going to start
whisking the eggs into the flour and you
want to incorporate the flour bit by bit
this way you'll make sure you don't get
any lumps in the batter so when the
batter is nice and smooth you can start
adding the milk again bit by there and
you're looking for a consistency a
little bit thinner than double cream
here okay that looks great so you can
make the batter up 24 hours ahead if you
want to or like me you can use it
straight away I'm just going to try and
throw it back to a jug so it's easy to
pour into the tray okay so now we're
ready to heat up the oil I've got a nice
deep muffin tray here and it's really
important that you get the oil nice and
hot so that when the batter hits oil you
create a sizzle and this is going to
make them puff up in the oven so you
want to splash in each hole I'm using
some sunflower oil but you could use
vegetable oil
okay so that needs to go into a really
hot oven for at least 10 minutes so our
oil should be nice and hot now so I'm
going to carefully but really quickly
pour the batter into the holes and you
should get a nice sizzle as it hits the
oil
okay now you want to pop that straight
back in the oven as quickly as possible
so Yorkshire puddings have been in the
oven for about 20-25 minutes now it's
really important that you don't open the
oven door the first 15 to 20 minutes
because you'll lose all the hot air and
the Yorkshire puddings will sink so they
go that has make ultimate Yorkshire
puddings by BBC good food
[Music]